Test data: initial documentation of licensing terms and content removal request instructions (#1349)
hhursev/recipe-scrapers: README.rst

.. _urllib.request module: https://docs.python.org/3/library/urllib.request.html

Test data
---------

As a precondition for inclusion in this library, each recipe scraper is required to include test coverage to demonstrate that it can accurately retrieve recipe information from the website it relates to.

To achieve that, the development source repository includes a minimal number of test HTML files from the public web -- often only one or two per recipe website -- to confirm the scraper's behaviour.  These test files are not included in the [published releases](https://pypi.org/project/recipe-scrapers/) of the library.

> If you are the author/publisher of any of those files and would prefer for them to be removed, please contact one of the library's authors and/or file a bugreport -- preferably from an email address associated with the recipe website, or otherwise proving ownership of the content.  Note that this reduces our ability to support affected website(s).

Author: ```suggestion
If you are the author/publisher of any of those files and would prefer for them to be removed, please contact the library's authors and/or file a bugreport -- preferably from an email address associated with the recipe website, or otherwise proving ownership of the content you'd like us to remove.  Note that removal of test HTML will reduce our ability to support the affected website(s).
```

> If you are the author/publisher of any of those files and would prefer for them to be removed, please contact one of the library's authors and/or file a bugreport -- preferably from an email address associated with the recipe website, or otherwise proving ownership of the content.  Note that this reduces our ability to support affected website(s).

Author: I think that we should provide as many options to the content owner as possible, and where possible we should also reference existing, well-established processes that can be followed.  To that extent, I've kept both email-and-bugreport options in this part of the text, and added a reference to GitHub's DMCA policy.

> If you are the author/publisher of any of those files and would prefer for them to be removed, please contact one of the library's authors and/or file a bugreport -- preferably from an email address associated with the recipe website, or otherwise proving ownership of the content.  Note that this reduces our ability to support affected website(s).

Author: > I think that we should provide as many options to the content owner as possible, and where possible we should also reference existing, well-established processes that can be followed. To that extent, I've kept both email-and-bugreport options in this part of the text, and added a reference to GitHub's DMCA policy.

(now updated to the more-general [GitHub content removal request process](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/content-removal-policies/submitting-content-removal-requests))

.. _urllib.request module: https://docs.python.org/3/library/urllib.request.html

Test data
---------

As a precondition for inclusion in this library, each recipe scraper is required to include test coverage to demonstrate that it can accurately retrieve recipe information from the website it relates to.

To achieve that, the development source repository includes a minimal number of test HTML files from the public web -- often only one or two per recipe website -- to confirm the scraper's behaviour.  These test files are not included in the [published releases](https://pypi.org/project/recipe-scrapers/) of the library.

> If you are the author/publisher of any of those files and would prefer for them to be removed, there are at least two ways for you to do that:

Author: ```suggestion
If you are the copyright owner of any of the content in those files and would prefer for them to be removed, there are at least two ways for you to do that:
```

Author: This phrasing should also be updated again if we link to GitHub's more-general content removal processes, because they're applicable in additional scenarios such as private data and trademark infringement.

>   * You may follow GitHub's [DMCA notice and takedown process](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/content-removal-policies/dmca-takedown-policy) that is available to you as a copyright owner.

Author: Let's instead provide a reference to GitHub's more-general content-removal request processes: https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/content-removal-policies/submitting-content-removal-requests

>   * Alternatively you may contact us (the software developers of this library) and/or file a bugreport with us -- preferably from an email address associated with the recipe website, or otherwise proving ownership of the content you'd like us to remove.  Note that removal of test HTML may reduce our ability to support the affected website(s).

Author: Actually, hold on.  I think we should restrict this to a subset of developers who actively maintain the library.

Perhaps a clear way to do this would be to suggest contacting any of `maintainers` listed in `pyproject.toml` (I suggest that because I haven't had contact with Hristo recently, and don't want to remove him from the `authors` list, but also want to provide a clear and straightforward place to list contact folks.. `maintainers` seems accurate for that purpose, so I'd add myself there too).

Author: Added myself to the `maintainers` list in `pyproject.toml` in 6a6a9144c2be5ce299ce3805ea9344e34afadaca and updated the text here to replace 'software developers' with 'software maintainers'.

>   * Alternatively you may contact the library's authors and/or file a bugreport -- preferably from an email address associated with the recipe website, or otherwise proving ownership of the content you'd like us to remove.  Note that removal of test HTML will reduce our ability to support the affected website(s).

Author: ```suggestion
  * Alternatively you may contact us (the software developers of this library) and/or file a bugreport with us -- preferably from an email address associated with the recipe website, or otherwise proving ownership of the content you'd like us to remove.  Note that removal of test HTML will reduce our ability to support the affected website(s).
```

.. _urllib.request module: https://docs.python.org/3/library/urllib.request.html

> Content removal

Author: I've adjusted this title from `Test data` to `Content removal` because that seems to be what I've ended up focusing on -- and if so, we should be direct and get to the point, because for people concerned about their information being included here, it's probably most important for them to get to describe what we can do about it.

---------------

This source code repository includes test HTML files from the public web that are used to quality-check the recipe web scrapers.  These test files are not included in the [published releases](https://pypi.org/project/recipe-scrapers/) of the library.

If you would prefer for any of them to be removed, we recommend choosing one of the following processes:

  * You may follow GitHub's [content removal request processes](https://docs.github.com/en/site-policy/content-removal-policies/submitting-content-removal-requests).

  * You may [contact us](https://github.com/hhursev/recipe-scrapers/blob/6a6a9144c2be5ce299ce3805ea9344e34afadaca/pyproject.toml#L12-L14) (the software maintainers of this library) privately by email.

>   * You may [create a public bugreport for us](https://github.com/hhursev/recipe-scrapers/issues/new).  Please **do not** include your email address in your bugreport, because GitHub issues are public, and doing so could expose your email address to spammers.

Author: A [GitHub issue template](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/using-templates-to-encourage-useful-issues-and-pull-requests/configuring-issue-templates-for-your-repository) for this would be helpful.

Author: (drafted in 2c6f762c21aec3f388cb659053fcce767410abd0)
